Adds docs for universal packages (#414)
microsoft/vcpkg-docs: vcpkg/reference/binarycaching.md

  run: vcpkg install zlib --binarysource="clear;x-gha,readwrite"
```

### <a name="azuniversal"></a> Universal Packages in Azure Artifacts

[!INCLUDE [experimental](../../includes/experimental.md)]

```
x-az-universal,<organization>,<project>,<feed>[,<rw>]
```

Adds [Universal Packages](/azure/devops/artifacts/quickstarts/universal-packages) in Azure Artifacts as a provider.

#### <a name="azuniversal-quickstart"></a> Quickstart

First, you need to create Universal Packages feed. See the [Universal Packages quickstart](/azure/devops/artifacts/quickstarts/universal-packages) for instructions.

Next, you will need to install and authenticate to Azure CLI. See the [authenticate to Azure CLI guide](/cli/azure/authenticate-azure-cli) for instructions. vcpkg will use this command-line tool, so make sure it is in your search path for executables.

**Example:**

```
x-az-universal,organization_url,project_name,feed_name,readwrite
```

> vcpkg will download and publish Universal Packages to your feed at a project scope.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Provide the `project_name` parameter to make vcpkg download and publish Universal Packages to your feed at a project scope.
```

```
x-az-universal,organization_url,,feed_name,readwrite
```

> vcpkg will download and publish Universal Packages to your feed at an organization scope.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Leave the `project_name` parameter empty to make vcpkg download and publish Universal Packages to your feed at an organization scope.
```
